feat: add --require-unique-paramset-ids option skips pytest internal … (#13757)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13737.feature.rst

> Added flag --require-unique-paramset-ids to pytest that when set to true will
> make pytest raise an exception when non-unique
> paramset ids are detected instead of attempting to generate them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the ``--require-unique-paramset-ids`` flag to pytest. 

When passed, this flag causes pytest to raise an exception upon detection of non-unique parameter set IDs, rather than attempting to generate them automatically.
```

Reviewer: Could we enrich this entry with examples where this is useful? The issue mentions "for example, when plugins are doing fancy collection tricks and then a subsequent run tries to select a subset of those nodeids", something like that.
